# lock : Lock Screen Style
lock.clock.shadow: Yes
lock.clock.color: white
lock.clock.location: center
lock.clock.format: hh:mm
lock.clock.size: 100
lock.bgcolor: white
lock.fgcolor: white
lock.background: @background/glass

# submenu : Submenu Style
submenu.hide: No
submenu.bgcolor: white
submenu.direction: rtl

# taskbar : Taskbar Style
taskbar.location: bottom
taskbar.size: 70
taskbar.locked: Yes
taskbar.float: No
taskbar.bgcolor: white
taskbar.fgcolor: black
taskbar.icon.bgcolor: white
taskbar.icon.border-color: silver
taskbar.icon.bgcolor-hover: #ABCDEF
taskbar.icon.border-color-hover: #ABCDEF
taskbar.icon.style: Yes

# backend : Backend Style
backend.color: black
backend.timeout: 1000

# splash : Splash Style
splash.logo: @icon/pyabr-logo
splash.logo-size: 300
splash.color: #ABCDEF
splash.timeout: 3000

# login : Login Style
login.bgcolor: white
login.fgcolor: black
login.background: @background/glass

# enter : Enter password page Style
enter.bgcolor: white
enter.fgcolor: black
enter.background: @background/glass

# unlock : Unlock page
unlock.bgcolor: white
unlock.fgcolor: black
unlock.background: @background/glass

# appw : Application Window page Style
appw.title.size: 50
appw.title.fgcolor: white
appw.title.bgcolor: #123456
appw.title.float: @icon/float
appw.title.float-hover: #ABCDEF
appw.title.close: @icon/close
appw.title.close-hover: red
appw.title.btn-round: Yes
appw.shadow: Yes
appw.logo: @icon/runner
appw.body.bgcolor: white
appw.body.fgcolor: gray

# desktop : Desktop style
desktop.bgcolor: white
desktop.fgcolor: black
desktop.background: @background/glass

# loginw : Login Dialog Style
loginw.input.bgcolor: white
loginw.input.fgcolor: black
loginw.input.round-size: 20
loginw.input.shadow: Yes
loginw.input.width: 300
loginw.input.height: 40
loginw.enter.bgcolor: purple
loginw.enter.fgcolor: pink
loginw.enter-hover.bgcolor: pink
loginw.enter-hover.fgcolor: purple
loginw.enter.round-size: 20
loginw.enter.hide: No
loginw.enter.width: 300
loginw.enter.shadow: Yes
loginw.enter.height: 40
loginw.unlock.bgcolor: green
loginw.unlock.fgcolor: lime
loginw.unlock-hover.bgcolor: lime
loginw.unlock-hover.fgcolor: green
loginw.unlock.round-size: 20
loginw.unlock.hide: No
loginw.unlock.width: 300
loginw.unlock.height: 40
loginw.unlock.shadow: Yes
loginw.login.hide: No
loginw.login.shadow: Yes
loginw.login.height: 40
loginw.login-hover.bgcolor: #ABCDEF
loginw.login-hover.fgcolor: #123456
loginw.login.width: 300
loginw.login.bgcolor: #123456
loginw.login.fgcolor: #ABCDEF
loginw.login.round-size: 20
loginw.userlogo: @icon/account
loginw.userlogo.shadow: Yes
loginw.userlogo.bgcolor: white
loginw.userlogo.round-size: 125
loginw.bgcolor: white
loginw.fgcolor: black
loginw.round-size: 40
loginw.location: center
loginw.shadow: Yes
loginw.width: 500
loginw.height: 500

# menu : Menu Applications Style
menu: @icon/menu
menu.scroll.color: #123456
menu.scroll.color-hover: #ABCDEF
menu.scroll.round-size: 0
menu.scroll.bgcolor: white
# S, N, E, W
menu.tab.position: S

# virtual keyboard
key.enable: No
key.bgcolor: silver
key.background: @background/none
key.btn.round-size: 15
key.btn.shadow: Yes
key.btn.bgcolor: white
key.btn.fgcolor: black
key.btn.bgcolor-hover: #123456
key.btn.fgcolor-hover: white

# root : Root Settings in GUI
locale: fa
layout: fa
logo: @icon/pyabr-logo
autosize: Yes
fullscreen: Yes
width: 1920
height: 1080
terminal: commento
params: gui
sides: No
font: Iran Sans
fontsize: 12
theme-name: glass-light
username: guest
password: *
desktop: baran