*.appearance: flat solid

*button.pressed.appearance: sunken solid
*button.pressed.backgroundColor: rgb:69/c1/f1
*button.appearance: parentrelative

*.focus.backgroundColor: rgb:69/c1/f1
*.unfocus.backgroundColor: rgb:28/28/28

*font: Tahoma-9

menu.title.appearance: flat solid
menu.title.backgroundColor: rgb:69/c1/f1
menu.title.textColor: rgb:28/28/28
menu.title.alignment: center
menu.title.marginWidth: 6

menu.frame.appearance: flat gradient border
menu.frame.textColor: rgb:28/28/28
menu.frame.foregroundColor: grey40
menu.frame.borderColor: rgb:69/c1/f1
menu.frame.borderWidth: 6
menu.frame.disabledColor: darkgrey
menu.frame.alignment: left
menu.frame.marginWidth: 2

menu.active.appearance: flat solid border
menu.active.backgroundColor: rgb:69/c1/f1
menu.active.borderWidth: 4
menu.active.borderColor: rgb:69/c1/f1
menu.active.textColor: rgb:38/38/38

rootCommand: bsetroot -solid rgb:77/90/aa

slit.appearance: raised solid
slit.backgroundColor: rgb:77/90/aa
slit.marginWidth: 3

toolbar.appearance: flat gradient border
toolbar.alignment: center
toolbar*textColor: rgb:28/28/28
toolbar.label.appearance: parentrelative
toolbar.clock.appearance: parentrelative
toolbar.windowLabel.appearance: parentrelative

window.title.focus.appearance: flat solid
window.title.focus.backgroundColor: rgb:69/c1/f1
window.title.unfocus.appearance: flat solid
window.title.unfocus.backgroundColor: rgb:d6/d6/d6
window.title.marginWidth: 5

window.label.focus.appearance: parentrelative
window.label.focus.textColor: rgb:28/28/28
window.label.unfocus.appearance: parentrelative
window.label.unfocus.textColor: rgb:28/28/28
window.label.marginWidth: 1

window.button.focus.appearance: parentrelative
window.button.focus.foregroundColor: white

window.button.unfocus.appearance: parentrelative
window.button.unfocus.foregroundColor: darkgrey

window.handle.focus.appearance: flat solid
window.handle.focus.backgroundColor: rgb:69/c1/f1
window.handle.unfocus.appearance: flat solid
window.handle.unfocus.backgroundColor: rgb:d6/d6/d6

window.grip.focus.appearance: flat solid
window.grip.focus.backgroundColor: rgb:69/c1/f1
window.grip.unfocus.appearance: flat solid
window.grip.unfocus.backgroundColor: rgb:d6/d6/d6

window*alignment: center

window.handleHeight: 7
window.frame.borderWidth: 7
window.frame.focus.borderColor: rgb:69/c1/f1
window.frame.unfocus.borderColor: rgb:d6/d6/d6