inside: Yes
outside: Yes
script: Yes
portable: Yes
mirror: Yes

# linux commands #

command.arp: arp
command.arp.args: Yes
command.arp.perm: 3

command.host: host
command.host.args: Yes
command.host.perm: 3

command.route: route
command.route.args: Yes
command.route.perm: 3

command.ss: ss
command.ss.args: Yes
command.ss.perm: 3

command.traceroute: traceroute
command.traceroute.args: Yes
command.traceroute.perm: 3

command.ip: ip
command.ip.args: Yes
command.ip.perm: 3

command.nmcli: nmcli
command.nmcli.args: Yes
command.nmcli.perm: 2

command.iwconfig: iwconfig
command.iwconfig.args: Yes
command.iwconfig.perm: 2

command.ifconfig: ifconfig
command.ifconfig.args: Yes
command.ifconfig.perm: 3

command.ping: ping
command.ping.args: Yes
command.ping.perm: 3

command.apt: apt
command.apt.args: Yes
command.apt.perm: 1

command.pip: python3 -m pip
command.pip.args: Yes
command.pip.perm: 1

command.python: python3
command.python.args: No
command.python.perm: 3

command.bash: bash
command.bash.args: No
command.bash.perm: 1