sql.external.barge: Yes
sql.external.persia: Yes
bmp.external.nama: Yes
gif.external.nama: Yes
ico.external.nama: Yes
jpg.external.paint: Yes
jpg.external.nama: Yes
png.external.paint: Yes
png.external.nama: Yes
tiff.external.nama: Yes
jpeg.external.paint: Yes
jpeg.external.nama: Yes
java.external.barge: Yes
java.external.persia: Yes
js.external.barge: Yes
js.external.persia: Yes
json.external.barge: Yes
json.external.persia: Yes
rss.external.barge: Yes
rss.external.persia: Yes
txt.external.barge: Yes
txt.external.persia: Yes
list.external.barge: Yes
list.external.persia: Yes
cat.external.barge: Yes
cat.external.persia: Yes
manifest.external.barge: Yes
manifest.external.persia: Yes
compile.external.barge: Yes
compile.external.persia: Yes
dot.icon: @icon/breeze-wps
dotx.icon: @icon/breeze-wps
ui.external.barge: Yes
ui.external.persia: Yes
ui.external.uiv: Yes
desk.external.barge: Yes
desk.external.persia: Yes
desk.external.runapp: Yes
glade.icon: @icon/breeze-ui
glade.external.barge: Yes
glade.external.persia: Yes
perl.external.barge: Yes
perl.external.persia: Yes
php.external.barge: Yes
php.external.persia: Yes
sln.external.barge: Yes
sln.external.persia: Yes
bin.icon: @icon/binary
html.external.html: Yes
html.external.barge: Yes
html.external.persia: Yes
html.external.lightword: Yes
cgm.icon: @icon/breeze-png
svg.external.paint: Yes
svg.external.nama: Yes
oxt.icon: @icon/breeze-oxt
sh.external.barge: Yes
sh.external.persia: Yes
sa.external.barge: Yes
sa.external.persia: Yes
preinstall.external.barge: Yes
preinstall.external.persia: Yes
postinstall.external.barge: Yes
postinstall.external.persia: Yes
preremove.external.barge: Yes
preremove.external.persia: Yes
postremove.external.barge: Yes
postremove.external.persia: Yes
cs.external.barge: Yes
cs.external.persia: Yes
css.external.barge: Yes
css.external.persia: Yes
md.external.barge: Yes
md.external.persia: Yes
sgml.external.barge: Yes
sgml.external.persia: Yes
cpp.external.barge: Yes
cpp.external.persia: Yes
c++.external.barge: Yes
c++.external.persia: Yes
cxx.external.barge: Yes
cxx.external.persia: Yes
hpp.external.barge: Yes
hpp.external.persia: Yes
bat.external.barge: Yes
bat.external.barge: persia
c.external.barge: Yes
c.external.persia: Yes
changelog.external.barge: Yes
changelog.external.persia: Yes
h.external.barge: Yes
h.external.persia: Yes
make.external.barge: Yes
make.external.persia: Yes
dtd.external.barge: Yes
dtd.external.persia: Yes
go.external.barge: Yes
go.external.persia: Yes
log.external.barge: Yes
log.external.persia: Yes
lua.external.barge: Yes
lua.external.persia: Yes
pas.external.barge: Yes
pas.external.persia: Yes
patch.external.barge: Yes
patch.external.persia: Yes
py.external.barge: Yes
py.external.persia: Yes
qml.external.barge: Yes
qml.external.persia: Yes
r.external.barge: Yes
r.external.persia: Yes
sass.external.barge: Yes
sass.external.persia: Yes
xhtml.external.html: Yes
xhtml.external.barge: Yes
xhtml.external.persia: Yes
xml.external.barge: Yes
xml.external.persia: Yes
xml.external.uiv: Yes
pot.icon: @icon/breeze-pot
wps.icon: @icon/breeze-wps
xlt.icon: @icon/breeze-xlt
url.external.barge: Yes
url.external.persia: Yes
url.external.browser: Yes
7zip.icon: @icon/breeze-7zip
7z.icon: @icon/breeze-7zip
apk.icon: @icon/breeze-apk
zip.icon: @icon/breeze-zip
sql.icon: @icon/breeze-database
accdb.icon: @icon/breeze-database
dwg.icon: @icon/breeze-3d
dxf.icon: @icon/breeze-3d
ttf.icon: @icon/breeze-font
snf.icon: @icon/breeze-snf
gz.icon: @icon/breeze-gzip
ai.icon: @icon/breeze-image
bmp.icon: @icon/breeze-bmp
gif.icon: @icon/breeze-gif
ico.icon: @icon/breeze-ico
jpg.icon: @icon/breeze-image
png.icon: @icon/breeze-png
psd.icon: @icon/breeze-psd
tga.icon: @icon/breeze-tga
tiff.icon: @icon/breeze-tiff
jpeg.icon: @icon/breeze-image
java.icon: @icon/breeze-java
js.icon: @icon/breeze-js
json.icon: @icon/breeze-json
ogg.icon: @icon/breeze-ogg
pdf.icon: @icon/breeze-pdf
rss.icon: @icon/breeze-rss
rtf.icon: @icon/breeze-rtf
txt.icon: @icon/breeze-txt
list.icon: @icon/breeze-txt
cat.icon: @icon/breeze-txt
manifest.icon: @icon/breeze-txt
compile.icon: @icon/breeze-txt
doc.icon: @icon/breeze-doc
docx.icon: @icon/breeze-doc
acad.icon: @icon/breeze-3d
ace.icon: @icon/breeze-archive
ar.icon: @icon/breeze-archive
arc.icon: @icon/breeze-arc
bz.icon: @icon/breeze-bz
bz2.icon: @icon/breeze-bz
tar.bz.icon: @icon/breeze-bz
tar.bz2.icon: @icon/breeze-bz
iso.icon: @icon/breeze-iso
desk.icon: @icon/breeze-desk
saye.icon: @icon/breeze-shell
gz.icon: @icon/breeze-archive
img.icon: @icon/breeze-iso
jar.icon: @icon/breeze-jar
m4.icon: @icon/breeze-m4
msi.icon: @icon/breeze-exe
pak.icon: @icon/breeze-archive
perl.icon: @icon/breeze-perl
php.icon: @icon/breeze-php
pyc.icon: @icon/breeze-pyc
rar.icon: @icon/breeze-tar
rpm.icon: @icon/breeze-rpm
so.icon: @icon/breeze-so
swf.icon: @icon/breeze-swf
sln.icon: @icon/breeze-m4
sqlite.icon: @icon/breeze-database
tar.icon: @icon/breeze-tar
xz.icon: @icon/breeze-xz
tar.xz.icon: @icon/breeze-xz
aac.icon: @icon/breeze-ac3
ac3.icon: @icon/breeze-ac3
m4a.icon: @icon/breeze-m4a
midi.icon: @icon/breeze-midi
mp2.icon: @icon/breeze-m4a
mp3.icon: @icon/breeze-mp3
aiff.icon: @icon/breeze-ac3
wav.icon: @icon/breeze-wav
deb.icon: @icon/breeze-deb
otf.icon: @icon/breeze-otf
woff.icon: @icon/breeze-otf
html.icon: @icon/breeze-html
emf.icon: @icon/breeze-cmf
svg.icon: @icon/breeze-svg
webp.icon: @icon/breeze-mp4
wmf.icon: @icon/breeze-wmf
dng.icon: @icon/breeze-dng
eps.icon: @icon/breeze-eps
exr.icon: @icon/breeze-image
odb.icon: @icon/breeze-database
odg.icon: @icon/breeze-odg
odf.icon: @icon/breeze-odf
odp.icon: @icon/breeze-odp
oth.icon: @icon/breeze-oth
ods.icon: @icon/breeze-ods
pa.icon: @icon/breeze-archive
sh.icon: @icon/breeze-shell
sa.icon: @icon/breeze-shell
preinstall.icon: @icon/breeze-shell
postinstall.icon: @icon/breeze-shell
preremove.icon: @icon/breeze-shell
postremove.icon: @icon/breeze-shell
cs.icon: @icon/breeze-cs
css.icon: @icon/breeze-css
csv.icon: @icon/breeze-txt
md.icon: @icon/breeze-md
rdf.icon: @icon/breeze-txt
sgml.icon: @icon/breeze-xml
bak.icon: @icon/breeze-iso
cpp.icon: @icon/breeze-c++
c++.icon: @icon/breeze-c++
cxx.icon: @icon/breeze-c++
hpp.icon: @icon/breeze-h++
bat.icon: @icon/breeze-shell
c.icon: @icon/breeze-c
changelog.icon: @icon/breeze-txt
h.icon: @icon/breeze-h
make.icon: @icon/breeze-make
dtd.icon: @icon/breeze-xml
go.icon: @icon/breeze-go
log.icon: @icon/breeze-txt
lua.icon: @icon/breeze-lua
pas.icon: @icon/breeze-pas
patch.icon: @icon/breeze-patch
py.icon: @icon/breeze-py
qml.icon: @icon/breeze-qml
ui.icon: @icon/breeze-ui
r.icon: @icon/breeze-r
sass.icon: @icon/breeze-sass
xhtml.icon: @icon/breeze-xhtml
xml.icon: @icon/breeze-xml
mp4.icon: @icon/breeze-mp4
webm.icon: @icon/breeze-webm
flv.icon: @icon/breeze-swf
mng.icon: @icon/breeze-png
wmp.icon: @icon/breeze-wmp
wmv.icon: @icon/breeze-wmv
nsv.icon: @icon/breeze-mp4
ogm.icon: @icon/breeze-ogm
sgi.icon: @icon/breeze-mp4
ova.icon: @icon/breeze-ova
ovf.icon: @icon/breeze-ovf
vbox.icon: @icon/breeze-vbox
ext.icon: @icon/breeze-ext
vdi.icon: @icon/breeze-vdi
vhd.icon: @icon/breeze-vhd
vmdk.icon: @icon/breeze-vmdk
ppt.icon: @icon/breeze-ppt
pptx.icon: @icon/breeze-ppt
xls.icon: @icon/breeze-xls
xlsx.icon: @icon/breeze-xls
url.icon: @icon/breeze-html